hi and welcome to the weekly ipfs in web
browsers and GUI team sink cool we're
gonna switch the order of things around
a little bit and start with the agenda
items on the agenda is Lydell with quick
demos of the brave' integration and Enso
dns meaningful and STX
and then me talking about the format of
the school and then with the remaining
time we will do a round of how's it
going what are you working on so little
do you wanna need as well yep so I will
be borrowing a little bit from my
updates basically we have a new release
of ipfs companion the first demo will be
about the brave integration so we have a
new better release of IP first companion
and what's interesting is that we have
improvements in embedded HTTP gateway so
you let me see if I can yep so I have
aquafers companion build locally using
this command here and it's already
loaded into brave it's like one of
lightest but not the latest one but
break nightly I think so here is the
activist companion it's disabled right
now yep so if we go to preferences and
enable a give us integrations it will
try to connect remote out but here we
switch to embedded node and on the right
we see that jeaious ipfs started working
and it already has like 12
there was fifteen tears and it's
connecting to the swarm and if we go to
the web UI it it's loading from from
local gate when it takes a moment cause
it's
an empty empty repo yep so this is the
usual stuff what's new is that now we
fixed multiple issues around loading
Wikipedia why Wikipedia is important or
tricky to get right
basically the location of Wikipedia is
under IP NS namespace which was not
implemented in J's ipfs then there's a
DNS link which was also a little bit
tricky to support in J's ipfs and there
is the third thing is the wiki itself is
so big that we had to shard the wiki
directory and sharding support under
IPIN s namespace and in EMFs was also a
little buggy or even missing so all
those pieces landed in PR stooge ASAP
affairs and related libraries and what I
did I pick them and assembled branch of
JSA PFS that had all the missing pieces
and then I switched ipfs companion to
that version so hopefully when I try to
open Wikipedia now it tries to load the
content and voila
so the Wikipedia works now embedded note
which is like super cool cause I really
like I believe this is like that the
poster child for great way if Wikipedia
loads fine
most of other like we we solve most of
the problems and the remaining like 20%
should be much much easier
what's sort of still problematic is that
the content discovery is superfast if
you are connected to a node that has the
content I probably I connected to a lack
a machine in my local network or one of
three loved servers has this content but
if we if you go deep enough you will
stumble upon like some some delays so
that's like the first demo I wanted to
show you if you want to experiment
there's like new batteries and I promise
the remaining demos will be much faster
so ens is a tearoom name service and I
believe I have like a very quick demo of
that so we had some discussions all
discussions about about running sort of
like delegated the DNS resolver for ens
and we already have ipfs we already have
DNS link support in aquifers so what
I've done we have a DNS link resolver in
go ipfs I run this go ipfs instance in
docker and I override the NS servers to
ones that run delegated DNS resolver so
that should take a moment to start and I
really hope I won't run out of memory on
this machine if I drop I apologize it's
a very very small laptop that I dropped
multiple times and yep
so the Gateway started and we can now
probably
I hope you can see here there is a a
domain name under eth link it's we
probably take a moment to it off
hopefully it won't take long
lead the holding music baked in to my
PFS companion yeah we probably like the
available is Eve added support for
Tina's link resolution of each domains
yep so what we've done is basically we
reuse the NS link support to add support
for ENS so if you have ENS domain under
like IP under e th you just add that
link and set those experimental DNS
servers and you will get get capability
of resolving unfortunately for some
reason it does not resolve right now
it's possible that like resolve ours are
just down for some reason because those
are like experimental ones I won't hold
you on this one sorry about that worked
this morning and leave it running
through the cool and then we can change
back yeah all right
first demo it will be even faster and I
hope it will no don't worry
demo is ke bonus points so to make it
more interesting so if you are
interested in scientists EPA exchanges
or did not read about it their second
issue in in web browsers repo with all
the details what I will show you now is
just a very quick demo for that you need
Google Chrome or Chrome I believe Google
Chrome 74 or later so here it is and
what what we will do is to just open s
XG file from our public gateway you can
see it's just a little file my minute
and what happened it's it's loaded in
detected content type which is which is
application side exchange there
shouldn't be free and chrome then if it
gets response with this content type it
unpacks scientist GP exchange and sets
the proper origin in location bar so it
looks like you fetch this website from
unpackage example.com but you did not
you used IP f as gateway for loading it
and I mention it because if anyone wants
to start playing with signed HTTP
exchanges you can just add content to
ipfs and then load it from our public
gateway into Chrome and you should be
able to experiment that way it should
work out of the box and that's my that's
my full and half demos I want what's the
status of the sxg is that we were on
origin trial and now it's being rolled
out more widely yep
so in the beginning of this year it
still required HTTP server that returns
as XG file to send additional origin
trial token and you have to refresh this
token right now it rolled out as a
stable as a stable feature of Google
Chrome so anyone who is running stable
good
chrome is able to just load cyant HTTP
exchanges it's still sort of safe
because they are like capped and they
expire after seven days so that is even
if it's it shipped but it's still sort
of like not for archival purposes still
for experimentation all or for
distributing content that is not very
important because it will like expire
after Sunday's what would be interesting
is to add support for this content type
to go IKEA fasten JSI PFS gateways so
right now we've said this HTTP header
for content type and also like we decide
well we've disabled my type sniffing on
the browser and what we could do is to
basically detect that the sxg file is
returned to user from the gateway at the
go ipfs or Jessica's level and set the
correct headers that way if you run it
slot on the localhost or if you already
are running public gateway it would work
out of the box it would probably require
discussion do we want to enable it but I
believe it's worth discussing so I'll
probably open an issue on that and link
yep good question Dietrich what is the
status of any other browser there's
implementing support for this or
something like it sein Htoo exchanges
well if Kent is slanting chromium then
probably browsers that also use chromium
like Oprah brave Microsoft edge those
those browsers would probably support
signed HD exchanges that's my answer
any word from freedom books Jim pick
actually shared a fantastic video of a
discussion about this from the author of
the speck at the eye ATF last IDF
meeting it was a contentious to say the
least one one of the problems here and
one of the challenges for us as a
project who are pretty high-profile and
adopting a technology like this is it's
kind of a public said knowing of
approval for this standard if we rush
forward and the decoupling of concept
and origin and for a common location in
this particular technology for us is
super important so we kind of want to
book that forward but at the same time
most of the industry really sees this as
a amp and in sheep's clothing
so I think there's there's some work for
us to do if we are interested in seeing
this technology mature and adopting it
more widely and seeing other people
adopt it in either
well one influencing the standard to be
able to the broader security model and
expectations that people have because
it's generally considered pretty
dangerous I don't know if all those
chromium based browsers have signals
that they would support it but to also
telling a narrative around why it's
important for from a decentralization
standpoint and if we tell that story in
a way that makes sense that people
understand that Google can't own that
and that decoupling of content location
has other benefits that help us move out
from the control of those bigger
corporations then I keep people Mori
Toosi then then maybe there's a win
there but it's a yeah it's a delicate
path that we tread that seems like a
super important point very well
articulated have you written your
concerns about that down anywhere
no can I encourage you gonna post that
to scuttle that you framed it well okay
next up on the agenda is there any more
questions for Martin about the things
it's actually all the things he should
know okay Martin has a question
I don't I just it final love it so why I
I think I know why it took so long so
probably it's like the ENS guys
restarted their DNS resolver server and
the way the DNS resolver server works it
the first time you ask for specific
domain in this case this is ipfs DNS
test eth if it does not have like that
domain resolved in cache it will go to
Tyrion blockchain and resolve it so that
probably took a bit longer but now it's
a result and it's like cached on
multiple levels on the resolver level
and then on the DNS level which is like
quite cool yep very cool cool next
question is very good friend super
interesting wonder if we do have any
option to control some of the loading
experience maybe with that deeper
integration in brave and obviously doing
all the requests under the hood and it's
probably not in our domain but is that
something that we could potentially
integrate in at some point I believe
like the the proper like the proper
question is there are some things in
ipfs which take some time to load
sometimes and it's not only ens it's not
only IP NS sometimes like the harsh is
hard to discover it takes some time to
discover it over DHT or stuff like that
so basically it would be possible to
display some sort of like the loading
screen if it takes longer than a few
milliseconds right I guess the issue is
like in an ideal world when everything
is fast and smooth and it'll work just
like the current about there but in the
current world it's more like this
experience since broke into the user for
a long period of time and then you kind
of you know you
waiting for things to resolve when
actually you know is a difficult problem
we do have to educate people a little
bit so I think kind of we have if we
have some opportunity ever to do that
then it can be a good use to educate
people and if there is a way to do that
but I don't know whether that's beyond
the model that we're integrating with in
the browser I I believe with existing
KPIs we should be able to like we should
be able to tell if the content is
already in your local nodes cache and if
it's in your local nodes cache it will
just load but if it's not in the your
notes cache and it's the main request
namely that it's the request for the
address in location bar for the entire
like H frame we could then redirect to
some sort of like a loading screen
informing user that we are reaching for
DHT and make it more like educational
and more than just waiting and looking
it's a double-edged sword is next is
like well you can present too much
information because it could resolve in
seconds and then it's like oh you
present loads of information and it's
results automatically okay I would
hijack anymore it's an it's an important
issue that's come up a bunch in
different guises if we do a good job of
demonstrating the valuable works that
other nodes on the network of doing on
your behalf we convert the this is
taking on time into like this is an
interesting learning opportunity and I
kind of you know this is what
decentralization looks like sometimes
it's not as fast but it is decentralized
so we have to kind of play to our
strengths there and be like look there
are you're reaching out to a dozen peers
not some centralized server just showing
a spinner is the worst it just feels
like a slow HTTP request there's also an
open issue on companion to at this stage
just behave a bit more like a
value-add like do HTTP if the network is
present and then slowly cache things in
the background so idea verse yeah and my
own sister of the issue in that think
think there's having to have an ease of
two ways to attack that problem one is
then finding ways to present progress
and I think the progress as soon as we
know that something is taking more than
like three seconds like demonstrating
what ipfs is doing will give us a lot
more value then yeah we turn the
frustration into a nice experience right
it's like actually something exciting's
and easter-egg that happen so yeah I see
anything I'm trying to dissipate it's
because that expectation for long tail
will be over the sisters is slow and not
working well it's it's important because
it's one it's a thing that's been on the
list of things to do for over a year and
it hasn't been any progress on it one
problem is getting is is that ipfs is
commands are all based around a kind of
unspoken idea of transparency of access
so them doesn't matter whether the block
is local or somewhere on the network or
perhaps not on the network the API is
that we have today aren't grateful
knowing which code path this request is
going to go down so you don't know it's
like it's interesting that Idol says
that you can know whether a block is in
your block store or not because it's not
trivial to know whether the request is
going to take like less than a second
will possibly never resolve that and and
this gives you this kind of nice
command-line experience of like I can
just put anything ID in here and whether
it's local or not the magic happens but
then from an app developers point of
view it's actually really difficult
because you don't have you can't set
users expectations very well so I think
it's I think it's something that needs
to bubble its way up to the list of
priorities
I kind of see like something like a
health bar like you see it Spotify for
instance when the track has not done
many peers so you load that and it takes
a lot
long to resolve but if you had to plug
in and send when you hover over a link
you could see health status and you'd
never straight away it's like oh this is
gonna come this way yeah we have them
designs from Agata that show like in
your file list like a little health bar
next to each file icon that would be the
result of running a DHT find providers
request for each one but um that
particular Spencer for imagine super
expensive and just it can take minutes
to get the results of that and also you
asking the date she is always like an
open-ended question like how many nodes
on the network cause it but yeah it's it
the key point is to like let's let's
bubble this up the list of priorities
certainly like it should be it should
make an appearance on next callers
priorities because otherwise if we don't
fight for it we'll just no guarantee
what was we gonna talk about so I had
everything set up nicely and I plugged
in a second screen no everything is
difficult again I wanted to talk a
little bit about the purpose of this
call and I'm very happy about the way
this call has gone because it's been
opening a discussion about a list of
topics that are important not what the
baggage the history of this call was
when there was like a team of three
people it worked pretty well as I like
what did you do last week what are you
doing next week but it's the number of
people on the call grows I'm finding I
kind of want to my proposal is we we
change the idea of this call to be
there's a topic or two or three like
there's an agenda for this call and
their topics meaty enough that are worth
discussing maybe one of them is like a
demo of where we're at with brave
integration maybe one of them is like
where are we at with the UI component
libraries but to certainly agenda far
enough in advance that that ideally we
could start to invite guest speakers to
these calls to come and like add some
other opinions it's just to focus to
call on discussion on a topic and so
some things that have changed in the
background
for me I'm now having one-on-one calls
with each person in the curry team to
try and like do the project planning
side of things and just get people's
ideas and get guessing and then I was
talking to Chris and he was like look
we're generating all these videos that
have good content in but they're going
onto YouTube with just like ipfs GUI and
in web browsers and a date stamp and
like the content is interesting if
you're interested like diverse like some
good stuff happens on these calls but
once it's on YouTube with a date stamp
its kind of dead so we could kind of get
if it's I see that as more of a fringe
benefit than the core reason to make
this change but I think it is worth it's
also worth factoring that in I give one
purpose of this call is to keep the
community aware of the latest in GUI and
in web browsers world like saying a
topic for the call talking about that
topic publishing that topic to YouTube
would produce better results in
informing the community about what we're
up to
so the proposal is like lead with the
agenda don't dispense with everyone must
do a check in kind of idea like everyone
not not everyone on the call needs to
say what they did last week and what
they're doing next week but then as a
nice healthy ritual using our matrix
slash IRC chat rooms to just ambiently
inform your team what you're doing just
in the morning when you're about to
start work they're saying like yesterday
here's what I worked on this is what
blocked me this is what I'm gonna be
looking at today because I find like a
weekly stand-up doesn't really achieve
anything because it's like oh you're
looking at that today I know to kind of
tickly in the next hour because I have
some thoughts about there if you if you
let me know a week later I'm like ah
well mister bow on that based good that
you worked on it that's my proposal how
do people feel I know that this call has
sort of got a kind of nice regular flow
to it and people sort of know what to
expect so I don't want to just
arbitrarily change it but it seemed
worth doing getting thumbs up from
Dietrich
Hugo looks like he just doesn't want to
talk about happen anymore access thumbs
up
Terry Terry's not visible so my only
concern is that you may not be proposing
skipping this but the thing that I find
most useful about this call is at those
times when I am like partway through a
project you could really use some
feedback on us like having something as
a demo and then getting some suggestions
about what direction to go and so that
the thing that I'd like to still have
here but I'm totally fine with not
reading through the list of stuff that
I'm still working on yep totally so I
think I think that would definitely be
something that we want to keep the whole
point being that there is at least one
known juicy agenda topic in advance and
but still open open for any and all
agenda topics that people want to add
throughout the week like it it should be
very much like bring your demos but you
know like bring demos when you have them
don't don't tell me what you did last
week just because you feel like you
should check in like there's one on ones
and there's ILC for that kind of project
management stuff so very much like yeah
Terry absolutely like there'll be an
agenda topic but I very much doubt that
will like run on for an hour on a single
topic and we can make sure that we don't
you just add add things you want to demo
and talk through as of when you have
them on which note if I see no pushback
so I will I'm thinking agenda topic for
next week might it might be good to
review the okay ours in the sense that
our top one is integrating NPM on ipfs
in the desktop and we haven't made a
huge amount of progress on that except
for we're in a good spot in that we have
a pr2 desktop that will do the work of
adding the command line tool to a
desktop users shell and replacing NPM if
that is what is requested but we have a
bunch of work to do to improve the UX of
NPM when I get this
it's just that Alex's I think focused on
improving the guts of JSI PFS importer
world he's deep in dad protobuf shouting
and migrating things to a sink in
troubles any wait so there's a bunch of
like simple UX improvements I think it'd
be useful to talk to you so my prose is
like next week focus on NPM online
professors like the top of the agenda
like get everyone's ideas on how to make
it better because I think there's some
low-hanging fruit there and it'll
benefit from more eyes but please add
other thoughts for other agenda items
and we can set them like I think talking
about the UI component library would be
useful because it's been something we've
wanted to do for ages and we haven't um
I'm also interested like I'm not super
familiar with what's top of top of your
mind in in web browsers world so the
agenda should be worked out together
swearing hi I thought I'd take the
opportunity to share some of my thoughts
as well on the side its topic because
it's kind of I think I poked you
originally to see if we this is room for
maneuvering and some these ideas in but
right now this would yet exactly what
our leaders said sort of create more
cadence and has this been the workshop
zone so it's like for us all getting
together using time for doing things
that quite hard to do via text so you
know sharing topics all thoughts all the
messy stuff that will you know we can
get interesting ideas down and out and
then implement now with the daily
stand-up is a great way of just keeping
that thread going because I think that
as the call sort of grows and there's
more people involved then the stand-up
stuff doesn't really seem like it fits
well because I'll just take up more time
in individual topic but my long-term
idea would be to actually have a channel
and a support channel for the community
on the website that it actually becomes
like a webinar route into this community
call so allowing people to suggest it's
like a sideline channel so they could
suggest ideas about like they want to
come in and talk about something
particular or they need help on a
particular topic and then we can also
cure those things I've been to gender
and that may either fall in this call or
might fall in the Monday community call
but it'll give us a fun more potentially
of amplifying some of us and the ideas
origin was speaking about you um yeah
and then obviously inviting guest
speakers I think I'll literally briefly
that if we're like reaching out for
topics they like how we're gonna do a
commendable cappella library and we have
friends in their community or wider
circles that might be you know like we
could lean on them for support and they
may be interested in joining then we
could hopefully use that time for a half
a thing now ideas and being a part of
this community so um yeah hopefully
they'll work out I don't know but let's
try it cool well then it is quorum we
shall agree that the talk this is cool
will change as of next week more
formally folks turned up to this cool
expecting the old-style one so if anyone
wants to do an update on what they did
last week and where they're going to do
next week I still welcome if anyone has
any other topics that they want to get
in the issue I'm interested in is there
any other tweaks that we should make
while we're changing this thing again
Deitrick you've mentioned using a Google
Doc is unhelpful in at least one regard
should we change the line sticking yeah
I mean it seems like there's a change to
Google Docs to make it more accessible
and to two very different people whether
they're community or at exporter
non-technical and obviously they you
know get heaven you know some of the
other places where you can collaborate
markdown maybe are less accessible I
guess but my only my I thought there
would be kind of the original question
which is who is this who's the call for
mm-hmm
and who's who's actually accessing the
notes as opposed to video asking those
kind of questions might help us figure
out what the what the best tool is the
markdown converter was really the only
thing that I was raging Against the
Machine about it really requires a lot
of manual processing and started on the
Akshay Farid to the a barber route of
writing a new one and I found 18 others
that had been attempted I think stopped
to myself nice I think that we we
to see this call as first and foremost
it has to be useful for us like we're
the ones tend not planning the work
showing it is and I look personally like
it's really helpful for me to see demos
of what other people are working on but
yeah I think what I found kind of why I
found with their like everyone feeling
that they had to do a check-in was it
seemed a bit like that it did that had
the benefit of everyone had a voice and
you heard things that maybe people would
be kind of too shy to talk about but but
also sometimes it just felt like
everyone was just giving their like two
minutes and then you know I sit in the
background and waiting for everyone else
to give their two minutes and not all of
it was super interesting all right so
I'm useful
I just feel like they're having these
singles for discussing things in it kind
of more like please give me your opinion
on a way
this thing could be more valuable and I
think framing things around the topic
means that there is a secondary benefit
of they are for the community to
understand where our heads are out and
certain topics and to give them that
kind of bunch of faces and information
that they like I should talk to
Deitrick ago X I'm up that the reason I
think I just switched to Google because
I was like I want a stable URL but I can
have a stable URL for the notepad you
know in crypt pad or a candy so we can
totally change that I'll change that was
there anything else
hello sorry I I think I've heard of the
reason it started I may be mixing up my
calls but it was extremely confusing to
join this company and have every call
using a different system and to not like
the experience I'm used to is there's a
meeting at a time I go to the calendar
and I click about it in a meeting invite
and get to anything I need so one button
always call it but it always was that so
a stable URL is one of the biggest
important things for me but also as the
hundred
website is building other people who has
no privacy concern like krippcat hackpad
all of this sounds like weird scary
stuff I don't know what's going on I
don't know why there's two versions of
the same thing on my screen you don't
know write down like I just want to
write word if I eat up I'm going to
write up these if I'm going to read
notes just write the words so so simply
write down stuff is a little bit
off-putting to normal people obviously
much less outputting than JavaScript but
it's not a comfortable welcoming
solution so this just for us update now
but if we want to make stuff that just
like okay stranger off the street where
they use do what feels welcoming that's
the reason that I have been proposing to
Google Apps for everything and I have
also proposed and fly of accessories
enter that there's that lead a couple of
like I like to be able to refer back to
build previous week or two of notes
without going to a folder in github to
find fisting where they're stashed in
case I want to copy public you know we
won't be doing a question pad with the
new format but those are my main
concerns is really like these friendly
to someone who has been on a call before
that's and if you're not if you don't
notice subscribe to get updates the way
that some of the calls do things is it s
helpful to me as using it using the
calendar is awesome yep agree with all
that I think those are there is an
accessibility problem in that there's a
whole chunk of the planet that can't
access Google Docs so that's probably a
problem too but we can find a notepad a
shared notepad that has you know a
couple of weeks of notes in it and we
yeah I think we can solve this I will be
proposing it before next week school
anything else anyone wants to talk
yeah sort of like PSA but on the Mondays
go core Whitley Co we sort of finally
after long discussion we finalized the
decision to switch based representation
of CI DS v one across both go and Jas to
base 32 and that is just changing the
default representation of CID v1 we are
not changing CID v1 to be the default CA
DB 0 will continue to be the default and
that will continue to be in base 58 but
we just will finally have one canonical
representation of CID he won across all
our like common lines you you is web you
ice everywhere so that's something that
will probably land in go and Jas in
following week or two and just that is
very cool as a fun demo to finish off
the cool Alan and I were just thinking
about Alan is test with hockey fest camp
course going doing a deep dive on what
happens when you add a file to IPs and
he's not on the call and we were
together so I can definitely blow the
lid on this one you know we're just
looking at building a little tool to
visualize the tanks so if he is going to
be dragging and dropping at some point
but the blicket tree meme kept very good
what happens when he gets added to
octopus he turns into chunks gems
gemstones chunks now what's fun about
this is you can change the chunk size
and you can change the deck algorithm
what's also fun about this is it's got a
persistent thing in the background so if
was to add the same file again with the
balance dag structure I can add that
they want to get on top and you'll see
that they're kind of weird do you think
because you're going to add the same
file to get the same leaf nodes but
different metadata nodes so you now
Schnauzer the different things like some
of the modes are like gay if the graph
is like overlaying two different graphs
of the point to the same leaf nodes in
the same repo it's pretty fun I'm not
gonna lie
someone in the chat saying a word yeah
exactly and what else can be a trickle
back that's weird
has anyone left a trickle back tree oMG
it is not the shape I thought it would
be you compare tree trickle down trees a
trickle that tree is optimized for
seeking into seeking into videophones
they don't look kind of saying they look
I mean maybe that's what you think they
look like that's what they look like
it's cool anything so we're gonna keep
tinkering over that but yeah you can you
can futz around with the chunk size
balanced tree balance one looks planet
how you might expect it's a balanced
tree yeah that's what we've been doing
and trying to think of a visualization
for the lifecycle of data but they all
seem really complicated this is like
adding pinning announcing benching
deleting that's what I've been tasked
with and that's in very hard so I've
been helping home with this one because
that's the one that you have to do
anything that's me Oh silent applause 11
with my favorite and xupcu okay well
thanks for time anyone want to demo
anything token else we go to open its
left or we can get back on with the fun
stuff
one thing maybe not so fun yes it's
always fun because you're all here for
the logistics of how to do the daily
stand-up in riot dewey or matrix and see
whatever you whatever you choose we're
just going to do that load text format
for now but are those notes gonna bubble
up to a document so that we can still
see it like a weekly overview or it's
just it's just more of a transparent
thing I would then I would continue to
put your weekly notes in on the on this
cool document I would preserve that bit
okay for now I'm not proposing to change
like there's a document that goes along
with this call where people can dump
their like list of highlights so that if
people are crawling over them they can
get a kind of overview of what everyone
is that so yeah keep dumping your what I
did last week or I'm gonna do next week
notes in this cool-looking and but yet
the daily the daily thing is just like a
healthy healthy habit to do like I'm
gonna tell the world while I'm focused
on and ideally like exposing that to
outside contributors you're like okay
you know all he's looking at dank
visualizers today no no tickle him and
and for your team yes I think it's good
still good information to see overall
said just wanted to figure out what to
capture that we're dropping those either
the normal Julie channels or the normal
web address you know yeah wherever you
feel is is more appropriate you tell you
senator well and anybody else got
anything that's troubling them yeah a
little different like it's like what's
troubling me but I I believe like if
someone is watching Conley this call
yeah there are probably people who are
watching this call for some reason there
is like a way quickly at the first call
when you have like a guest speaker on
Monday but
also only started contributor of his
hours and I've join this week and it was
intended to be way more useful than I
was expecting
yeah like people started arriving bit
late so I think we should like to eat
sooner or like maybe it was like the for
the for the first one it was great so
basically there are some notes from that
cow and I also elaborated a little bit
more on some questions that we started
answering but we ran out of time
so namely if you are interested in
running Caiaphas on your laptop or maybe
running go idea fest in docker and maybe
one i prefers cluster and you want to
quickly switch between different
versions
I just wrote some notes on that and next
week there will be another contributor
office hours so if you want to learn how
to contribute to ipfs or maybe got some
questions there's like Dalian one hour
before they would call yes yeah last
week's one was fun there was a moment
when someone turned up and they didn't
know that web cameras on and they
weren't fully clothed then it was like
oh my god what we done we've exposed
ourselves to the Internet but he turned
out to have some very salient questions
and a t-shirt later it was great
everything you want from an Internet
public webinar Diedrich so it sounds
like that it was not necessarily about
contributing when I was certainly I
preface it with
ribbiting to try and at least drag it
marginally towards the end of the
spectrum but I do consider it open
office hours like I'm happy to answer
all in any question that turns up but I
thought I figured if I mocked I guess my
question from from a long history of
doing that type of contributor
engagement is that the name might not
suggest that in the engagement there
might be lower than it otherwise would
be if you just called it ipfs you know
developer office hours versus I profess
contributor office hours yeah a lot of
people end up start contributing to
projects not necessarily because they
were like I want to contribute but
because they were using the software and
then want to make changes or something
like that or no you just think we would
be looking to be smaller to you
encourage more and more people to know I
don't know I think I was I didn't want a
deluge of blockchain enthusiasts giving
me some high check yeah I mean these
first few meetings the first one worked
out and we got exactly the outcome that
you wanted that scream it was just a
thought that I had when I looked at the
title of the meeting and that title
might select a certain type of person
and I might turn away people that
actually might need our help more yeah
it might not be ready to contribute
their own I'm just trying to figure out
and get this done to work right yeah no
that's reasonable I think I'm I think it
was like are you interested in any way
shape or form of contributing to get
this like this is how I will signpost
you to how you could start doing that
but I can see value in a any problems
with ipfs at all and I don't know if Ari
personally have the emotional energy to
be the finger because I think it sounds
like being yeah yeah as it happened is
there a channel for that already just
like oh I'm steady getting started with
ipfs how do I get going
hashtag ipfs I feel like that needs to
happen discuss the idea first No
like I mean I think there's an
assumption in the walk that ipfs ash
ipfs on freenode and discuss the IP of
s2o is are supposed to be those but
there's no like human on the end of the
office I was cool I mean there is now
it's me but they used to just saying
that we could ramp that up somehow it's
just as yes do true saying like and I'm
just thinking saying that's hone
correctly so that we know what to set an
expectation to if we if the intention is
that we want to help the community more
and we want to onboard people and won't
understand the problems they're having
with ipfs in order to us to improve that
experience then the call should be like
beginner focused or project focus so
like bring your all like a workshop
bring your problems to us and we'll help
you along kind of gatsby do similar
things where they do a book a pair
programming session for deeper things so
they allow integration with independent
team members sits there if you want to
help contribute to the problem further
but I think at a general sort of like
just paint my picture style call it's be
nice to kind of understand what people
having trouble with in an open video
style format and then and be it would be
smart to think about what the what the
pipeline is as well like if someone
turns up to the office I was cool and it
seems like a much deeper you wants to
problem like what right now it's like
please file an issue you want to go up
your best but if it's not a bug and it's
like just you know you need a better
mental model of wipe your face yeah we
don't have this like book over there
programming session I'm not sure if we
have a will but it's worth thinking
about
there is no there's no next step
currently yes discovery if we if we help
people get to the right information then
we know that actually just this
discovery issue but if it's more like oh
actually that's a broken thing or we
need to improve this thing minute
session something we can work on
personally as a team
yeah I think the things you've been
sharing about how Gatsby does their
community engagement I think is really
Pro I think that's a good a good
benchmark for making people feel like
they are contributing to a project that
is well organized and airs specifically
night oh yeah sorry I was just going to
say like we spent a lot of time because
there was too much work on us on the
community team response community
talking about like if we have to pick
one audience with new contributors or is
it new users and the decision after much
research but my goal was it needs to be
new users because the contributors like
matric alluded to like that it is a big
needed and there are a lot of questions
around how to get started and whether
that happens on video or somewhere else
yeah in the meantime I'm just trying to
make more of an explicit effort to idle
in the ipfs channel on freenode and
answer questions there I can't really
stand the discussed interface so I
struggle to answer questions there but I
should just hold my nose or maybe write
a user's in style sheet because people
ask sensible questions now but so yeah
in the meantime before we have a
strategy like it's just a good reminder
to everyone here present that spending a
few minutes a day answering questions in
those forums is really valuable and may
not always feel it to you but it's and
it's super valuable if more and more
people start doing it because a lot of
questions seem to just sink and if it
becomes normal for all of us to spend
like 10 minutes a day I'm throwing one
question like there's so many more
questions get answered right on hey
regarding like the discuss interface
there's sort of like a hack to work
around it you can subscribe to a
specific category in a mailing list mode
and there is a special mode when you
are not receiving all the messages you
are just receiving the first message in
a new topic so you just kind of get
informed about like let's say you
subscribe to the health category you get
in front about the new question and you
can quickly like scan it if you can the
cancer and then like subscribe opt in
for receiving updates on that one over
the email so that's like a way to not
work with the web interface but still do
not get overloaded by a new trick okay
all right one minutes the end and you've
got anything burnin yep I've been taking
this approach for the ipfs tag on Stack
Overflow so I just have a I've TTT job
that posts any new ipfs tag topic to a
private channel of mine and then I can
you know check them out
then it just shows you the first new
post not yeah seems to be the common
problem don't deluge me yes and all all
questions are distributed so we're gonna
find out where all the sources of truth
though actually yeah I think I need to
do some hygiene to figure out the
landscape of you know where people are
mostly asking questions and what type of
experiences in what place and maybe
someone's done that to company if you so
please point me in that direction I'll
be interested to know I first I've seen
about a disgust forum as well so I think
um I'd be a best slash ipfs readme is a
good place to kind of figure out where
with what we're pointing people at and I
prefer slash community read me and the
dogs they're in pretty good like just in
terms of if you trying to understand
like where we as analog think people
should go that's one side of it and the
other side of it is like where are
people actually asking questions yeah
right on okay more good more good
discussion points for next week cool
yeah that has been the weekly all new
style agenda focused discussion I liked
it didn't hear much from Hugo and Iago
but that's because they agree with
everything they're like preacher
given giving nothing away all right see
you next week see ya look forward to
seeing your daily stand-ups